Hello.
My name is Kenzo and in this video you
will acquire English naturally
>> [music]
>> by watching, listening, and following
along as I play Minecraft hardcore.
In the last video I went to the nether
and I found
this dried ghast and in this video I'm
going to grow this dried ghast into a
happy ghast. So far in this series we've
survived 42 days. I'm going to sleep.
It's morning.
Let's get a bucket up here.
Um here's a bucket.
I'm going to fill this bucket with
water.
Let's go outside.
Uh-oh, a creeper.
I'm going to kill it. Die.
Die. Okay, let's fill the bucket with
water and I'm going to pick up some
flowers. Here's a yellow flower
and here are some red flowers. 1 2
4. I'll pick up four red flowers. Now
I'm going to dig
this dirt block.
There we go.
And I'll pour the water right here.
Now I'll take the dried ghast
and I'll place it
in the water.
There we go. I'll take the flowers
and I'll place flowers around the ghast.
And some red flowers.
There we go. Now we need to wait.
We need to wait. While we're waiting for
this ghast to grow, let's get some
snowballs. We're going to need some
snowballs.
Do we have snowballs?
No.
I don't think we have snowballs. Hmm.
Well, let's get some iron.
And let's build an iron shovel. An iron
shovel.
There we go. Let's get our cooked pork
chop.
We have a ton of cooked pork chop. We
have 32 cooked pork chop now. Let's go
explore. I'm going to look for some snow
so I can get some snowballs. I have my
compass so I can find my way back home.
So let's go explore.
Let's go this way.
Any snow?
Let's get our spyglass.
No.
I don't see any snow. Some horses.
Some black horses.
Let's build a boat.
Let's see. First I'll make a crafting
table.
Now I'll place the crafting table.
And let's make a boat.
There we go. I built a bamboo raft.
Break the crafting table.
All right. Oh, the sun's going down.
I'm going to place the boat and let's
get in the boat and let's sail.
And let's continue looking for snow.
The sun's going down.
It's sunset. It's beautiful. Is that
snow?
Yeah. I think that is snow.
Let's go over there.
Oh, and look. Oops.
Look.
There are cherry grove trees over there.
They're pink.
Let's go to that
mountain top. Let's get out of the boat.
Jump.
Let's break the boat.
Oh, a creeper. Die, creeper.
Die.
I killed the creeper.
There are lots of flowers here. I'm
going to collect some of these flowers.
There's an orange flower and a red
flower.
White flowers.
Here are some pink flowers.
Over here there are some large pink
flowers.
Small pink flower.
Big pink flower.
Ooh, here are some blue flowers.
Let's collect some blue flowers.
Woah.
Let's get our spyglass.
Look at all of those sunflowers.
Those are sunflowers.
There's a ton of sunflowers over there.
Okay, let's continue towards the
mountain top.
Oh, a zombie.
Let's swim this way. Let's pick up some
of these flowers.
Oh, and over here there are red flowers.
Uh-oh.
A zombie. Die.
Die.
I killed the zombie.
I'm getting close.
We're almost there.
Ooh.
There are zombies coming for me.
Die, zombie. Die. Die.
That zombie was holding a shovel. I'm
going to chop down
one of these cherry grove trees so I can
collect the pink wood.
Wow, I picked up so many flowers.
Let's throw away some seeds.
Oh, no. Die.
I blocked it with my shield.
Any saplings?
Uh-oh, skeleton.
Zombie.
Oh, no.
Die.
I need to eat. Let's eat some bread.
There are some saplings.
I'm going to throw away
um some gunpowder
and I picked up some cherry saplings so
I can grow more cherry grove trees. And
here's the snow.
I'm going to get my shovel
and I'm going to dig up the snow. Look,
snowballs.
I picked up a bunch of snowballs. Now
let's go back home and maybe the dried
ghast has grown.
Let's go back home. Uh let's get my
compass.
And we're home.
Let's go check on the dried ghast. Okay,
the dried ghast is still there. We need
to wait a little bit longer. I'm going
to plant these cherry saplings.
I have six cherry saplings.
1 2
6.
These will grow into cherry trees. And
for our happy ghast we're going to need
one of these harnesses. I want to make
this yellow harness so I'll need some
yellow wool. I'll use one of these
sunflowers to make some yellow dye.
Some yellow dye.
There we go. Now I need some wool.
Do I have shears?
Hmm.
No. No, I don't have any shears.
Let's build some shears using two
iron. 1 2.
1 2.
Some shears.
Now we have to go find a sheep. Huh.
There's a sheep.
The sheep love wheat. So this sheep is
following me. See?
He's following me.
Come on.
Almost home.
Come on, sheep.
We're back home. I'm going to dig I'm
going to dig a hole right here
with my shovel.
Okay. Come on, sheep. Come on. Now I'm
going to push. Oops. I'm going to push
this sheep in the hole.
Push. Push.
Push. I'll take my yellow dye.
Watch this.
I used my yellow dye to turn the sheep
yellow. And now I can use my shears on
the sheep like this.
And there's some yellow wool. We got our
yellow wool.
Now we need some glass and some leather
to make the harness.
We need two glass. 1 2.
And three leather. 1 2 3.
Okay, now let's build the harness.
Here it is.
There we go. We crafted a yellow
harness. Let's use our seeds and breed
more chickens. I want a lot of chickens.
There we go.
Another baby chicken. Now we have two
baby chickens. Still waiting for this
dried ghast to grow.
Ooh, there's another sheep. Do I have my
wheat? Yes.
Follow me.
This sheep is brown.
Come on, sheep.
Over here.
And I'm going to push this sheep in the
hole, as well.
Push.
Push. Push. The sheep fell in
the hole. I'll turn this brown sheep
yellow using this yellow dye.
There we go. And let's breed these sheep
using wheat.
There we go.
And
we have a baby sheep. A baby yellow
sheep. While we wait
for the dried ghast, let's go check on
our potato farm.
Our potato farm. It looks like these
potatoes are ready.
Let's collect these potatoes.
And these ones as well.
Any more potatoes?
I think these potatoes are ready to be
harvested.
These potatoes are taking a long time to
grow.
I wonder if these potatoes are too far
away from my
house.
These potatoes might be too far away.
Oh, another zombie.
Woah.
Three zombies?
Let's go inside.
Let's close the door and let's sleep.
I'm sleeping.
Oh.
It started to rain.
It's raining.
Oh, no. The chickens are getting away.
Look.
The ghast has grown.
But wait. Come on, chickens. Come on,
chickens. Come on.
I left the door open. Come on.
And
let's close the door. Our ghast has
grown.
Now we have to get the snowballs. Let's
take some snowballs.
Where is the ghast?
Oh, there it is.
Now let's give these snowballs to the
ghast.
Oh. There we go.
Now the ghast has grown.
Now let's put on the harness.
Now the ghast is wearing the yellow
harness.
Let's get on the ghast. Come on.
There we go. I'm flying.
I'm flying on the ghast. And watch this.
I can stand.
Now I'm standing on the ghast.
Jump. Jump. And I am going to end this
video right here. If you are enjoying
these videos, you could make a donation
on my Kofi page by clicking up here.
Like and subscribe and I will see you in
the next video. See you.
>> [music]
[music]